vacuum chamber the plum brook chamber in
sandusky ohio
is used to test assembled spacecraft
it's 10 times the volume of an olympic
size swimming pool
it would take more than 20 people
standing one on top of another to reach
the chamber ceiling the largest rodent
the capybara is twice the size of an
adult beaver
its toes are partially webbed for
paddling around
an adult capybara also weighs more than
an orangutan
earth the distance around our planet is
10 times greater than the wave from new
york to los angeles
if the sun was hollow 1.3 million
earths would fit inside kind of like a
big gumball machine
the largest american flag it's one and a
half football fields long
and an entire football field wide each
star on the flag is 17 feet high
the whole thing weighs more than the
average sedan and it takes
500 people to stretch out and hold that
flag
the harpy eagle talents their rear
talons are the biggest of any living
eagle
they can grow longer than the human
fingers and almost as large as a grizzly
bear's claws
the bird can lift and carry nearly 20
pounds of weight
that's as heavy as an adult koala power
station
the three gorgeous dam in china
generates as much electricity
as 18 nuclear power plants the station's
also as tall as two statues of liberty
a newborn kitten it weighs as little as
a small lime
and would easily fit into your palm a
newborn kitten's head is the size of a
bottle cap
one month later a kitten is already as
big as a soda can
the largest cave maya room cavern in
china
is the world's largest known cave
chamber by volume
four and a half pyramids of giza would
fit inside the cave
the only way to get inside is by an
underground stream
butterfly the queen alexandra bird wing
is found only in new guinea's rain
forest
the females are bigger than the males
with a wingspan as wide as three and a
half
ballpoint beds but the males are more
colorful
with bright yellow bellies and electric
green wings
the great pyramid of giza is twice the
volume of the houston astrodome
a gigantic multi-purpose dome sports
stadium hey i've been there
76 adults would have to stand one on top
of another to reach the top of the great
pyramid
the blue whale the largest animal on
earth can grow as long as two school
buses
each of these buses can seat around 40
people it means
80 people could hang out on a blue whale
the animal is also as heavy as 20 male
african elephants
85 sedan cars or 1 000 people
the angler fish some deep sea angler
fish species
can grow to reach more than half the
length of the human body
the fish's most distinctive feature worn
only by females though
is the protruding part of its dorsal
spine it hangs above the angler fish's
mouth
and looks like a fishing pole here fishy
fishy
the wombat a grown up wombat standing on
its hind legs
would easily reach your waist this
animal might look slow
and pudgy but it can run at a speed of
up to 25
miles per hour for longer than a minute
the largest flying creature ever
the largest creature that's ever taken
flight on our planet
weighed more than a piano its wings were
longer than six queen size
beds the long extinct animal was roughly
the size of a private airplane
snail giant african land snail is as
long as an adult man's hand
its weight is similar to a boiled egg if
the animal feels it's getting too cold
outside
it prefers to spend time inside its
shell well that's handy
waterfall the world's highest
uninterrupted waterfall
angel falls is three times the height of
the eiffel tower
it's also 500 feet taller than the
tallest building on our planet
the burj khalifa antonoff an-225
airplane
one of the world's largest planes is
also the heaviest
its maximum takeoff weight equals that
of 430 sedans
its cargo compartment is large enough to
hold 50 cars
and its landing gear system has 32
wheels
there's only one operational an-225 in
the world
a billion versus a million a million
seconds is around 11 days
but 1 billion seconds is more than 32
years
a stack of 1 million one dollar bills
will be as tall as a 30-story building
but a stack of one billion one dollar
bills will reach one of the outer layers
of the earth's atmosphere
a hanging traffic light usually mounted
at the height of more than 18 feet above
the street
it looks smaller than it is placed
vertically on the ground
a hanging street light would likely
reach your chest level
the titanic the famous ship was almost
as long as four boeing 747 planes
it could carry more than 3 300
passengers
but the largest modern day cruise ship
is five times the size of the titanic
and can carry twice as many passengers
and crew members
a road sign the standard speed limit
sign used on freeways
is as large as the top of a dinner table
that can seat six people
perfect for takeout huh a wind turbine
blade
a large utility scale turbine usually
has blades as long as four average city
buses
it means the rotor's diameter is just a
bit short of a soccer field length
a comet when frozen a comet is the size
of a small
towel but when it heats up and starts to
spew gas and dust
it turns into an enormous glowing head
way larger than many planets
the lion's mane jellyfish named after
its mane of super long hair-like
tentacles hanging from the bell
the creature's countless tentacles can
grow longer than a blue whale
and their total number is often more
than two thousand
ballet's truck the largest haul truck in
the world can carry the weight equal to
more than two
fully grown blue whales the average
person wouldn't even reach the top of
the vehicle's huge wheel
the giant's almost twice as tall as a
giraffe
saltwater crocodile the earth's largest
living crocodile
the biggest specimens can grow to be as
long as four adults standing one on top
of another
they also weigh up to 2 200 pounds
more than a buffalo the moon
if our planet was hollow about 50 moons
would fit inside
in diameter the earth's natural
satellite is smaller than the usa
the solar system if the sun was 5 feet
wide
mercury would sit 220 feet away from the
star
the distance of venus would be 450 feet
to earth 580 feet and to mars 880 feet
jupiter would be way further from the
sun at the distance of more than half a
mile away
saturn and uranus would lie one mile and
two miles away from our star
and the distance from the sun to the
furthest object in this mini solar
system
neptune would be three and a half miles